>> Scott Moss: Almost done, now,
in order to use these assets, what,
the image tag in Next.js,
you have to tell Next.js about the domain
in which these images will be loaded from,
they have to be in this approved list.
So we need to do that.
The way you do that with
Next.js is in the config.
So what that's gonna look
like in the Next.js config.
Next.js, there we go.
So we need to add the domain here for
Contentful,
which is using Azure cuz
that's why it's .net.
We have to add it here so
we can use the images that are coming back
from Contentful with the image
component from Next.js,
you basically have to put
it on this allow list.
You could do that in the Next.js config,
so we're just gonna do that here.
So I'm just gonna copy that,
go to my Next.js config, and add that.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, now that we have
that, let's go to our clients, and
we need to make our server component
that is going to wrap this,
make the call, and pass in the data.
So first, I'm just gonna declare some
props in this clients because it's gonna
be passed in versus it being called.
So I'm just gonna say it's
gonna take in content,
and the type of that is going
to be the LogoWallQuery, but
we want a sub piece of it,
so assetCollections items.
So that's what it's for.
I need to wrap this in an object and
say content is that type.
So now if you see content, it's actually
like content, it's an array, right?
So if I say,
>> Scott Moss: That's an image.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so we got that,
then we just need to make a component that
wraps this and use this inside of our
homepage instead of this component.
So I'm just gonna make a new component
here in the components folder and
I'll call it logo-wall.
I'm just gonna follow the convention
of their file naming.
I typically like to capitalize my
components, but it's all good, so
this is LogoWall.
>> Scott Moss: It literally just
renders the clients from Clients.
>> Scott Moss: It's for a default
LogoWall, and then up here, async.
I'm gonna say data = await
getContentForLogoWall.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So we got our data, and
I'm gonna say content is gonna
be data.assetCollection.items.
This goes the way, I think it does,
it's still gonna have an error, and
I hope it does so we can talk about that.
So let's go and try to run this.
>> Scott Moss: Wait,
I didn't add it to the homepage.
Sorry, guess you gotta do that.
So here, instead of using Clients here,
I'm gonna get rid of that.
Actually I'm just gonna say,
let's make this logo,
>> Scott Moss: LogoWall.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So now let's try that.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, no error.
I guess that works just fine.
It's still showing the hard-coded ones, so
let's go into the Clients and
actually put in the ones from the props.
So instead of doing this,
I'm just gonna just copy one,
since they're all the same
minus the heights and stuff.
I'm gonna get rid of the rest of these,
they're just repeating, so
get rid of all this stuff.
Where does this end?
I think it ends here.
>> Scott Moss: No-
>> Student 1: One too many.
>> Scott Moss: One too many.
Okay, here we go.
There we go.
Okay, so I'm gonna do that, and then I'm
gonna say content.map, give me a logo.
And then for each logo, I'm gonna do this.
I'll put a key on this so
React can leave me alone.
The key will be the logo.url.
And then here for
the source, that's logo.url.
Alternate is logo.title.
>> Scott Moss: width = (logo.width).
>> Scott Moss: height = (logo.height).
There we go.
>> Scott Moss: I might have to do
a restart with the next config.
We'll see.
Nope, looks exactly the same.
So that's how we we know it works
because we put the same images up there.
So everything works exactly
the way it's supposed to.
>> Student 2: Would you control the order,
or is that just like another GraphQL?
>> Scott Moss: That's a great question.
So the question was,
how do you control the order?
I was just about to talk about that.
So, two ways, just two ways.
It depends on who you want to
have control of the order.
If you want the content folks to be able
to control the order, then you need to go
make another content model that isn't the
asset model in which you link an asset to.
And then that way you can
query that content model.
You can attach that to a collection, and
that collection will have
a list in which they can sort.
Pretty much it'll look just like this.
We already have an example of it,
while I'm talking, I can just show you.
Basically if we go to our hero,
right, we have this list,
I can sort this list, right?
So you would make a collection
called LogoWall, and
it would have a field called logos.
That field would just be a collection of
assets which you can just drag like this.
And that's how you would get the order,
if you wanted them to control the order.
Now if you wanted to control the order,
you would just add that to your GraphQL
query on whatever order you wanted,
programmatically.
So that's how you would do it.
>> Scott Moss: Yep.
What is this internally doing for
configuring domain images?
Could you talk about
that a little bit more?
What is it internally doing?
Setting up CORS rules or something?
Yeah, it could be some CORS, I don't know.
I don't know exactly
what it would be doing.
I'm guessing by default, they don't
want you, that image component is very,
there's a lot going on in the image
component as far as optimizing images and
things like that.
So it needs to be like
an opt-in experience.
They don't want you accidentally trying
to optimize images you didn't mean to
optimize.
So I think it's just an opt-in experience,
but
I'm sure there's something
going on as far as like,
if you go look at the Next.js docs,
they have stuff set up for
all the different CMSs, so integrations.
So if I go look at Contentfull,
there we go.
They have specific integrations and
things that they have.
So I wouldn't be surprised if they're
just trying to figure out the different
types of mind types.
They're trying to figure out how to
optimize the image, and that's a lot of
work to be doing if you didn't want
it to happen in the first place.
So, I think it's just
an opt-in experience.
I don't think it has a lot to do with
the network since we're doing it on local
host, and
I don't see any other calls going out.
I think it's mostly just
an opt-in experience, yes?
>> Student 2: Are you gonna
get into versioning content?
>> Scott Moss: Am I gonna
No, I'm not gonna get into
versioning content because that's
really advanced and platform specific.
I could talk about it.
We won't be doing it.
[LAUGH] But that's very platform specific,
there's different camps of
thought on how that works.
Some products don't believe in versioning
and they'd rather just have a better
draft, publish process or they have
multi-stays processes where content can go
through multiple stages and
have custom stages and approval workflows.
And then you have the camp of, yeah,
I want people to be able to pull down
different histories of whatever.
So it's just too specific to really
go into, and it's quite complicated.
But at the end of the day, it's just
gotta be an API call that you can make.
How you set that up practically and
what that actually does,
that's where the use
cases are very specific.
Because why would you need a older version
of something when you could just make
the older version be the latest version
and always just have the latest version?
So it's just very specific,
so probably not.